tony.self: The familiar look of an empty repository stood before me.
tony.self: This is where I'll spend the next week,
tony.self: developing my coding skills and making new friends.
tony.self: I am however a bit intimidated
tony.self: All the contributors are highly talented individuals specializing in different areas of code.
tony.self: But I was only let in because of the IDE skins I've made.
tony.self: Regardless, I have nothing but hope for the future!
tony.self: ...
tony.self: I let out a sigh and opened the door to the locale we'd been given to work in.
tony.self: Inside awaited me...
tony.self: a...
tony.self: ...
tony.self: ...
minty: ...
yellowaf: ...
math: Hello? Who are you? What's going on?
yosi: Ugh...
yellowaf: It would appear we've fallen asleep, and someone brought us here
minty: Yeah about that, where is here?
jxm: Welcome to the famous git-together gamejam!
tony: !!
tony: But then this has to be...
jxm: Shut up and let me speak.
jxm: You've all come here of your own free will.
jxm: Now you will make a game, of your own free will.
pope: What if I will not?
jxm: Then I will make you will it!
minty: You make me will me make it?
jxm: That's right
minty: How do me make will me make of free will it from you?
jxm: Oh it's simple really
jxm: You will make a game,
jxm: like three-in-a-row or whatever,
jxm: in in one week. Or..
jxm: I will kill you all.
tony: !!
tony: How can you say such a thing!
jxm: I said shut up and I meant it.
jxm: If you break the silence again, I'll make you the first example.
tony: ...
jxm: Any questions?
tony.self: (yes...)
math: May I ask a question?
jxm: Don't ask if you can ask a question.
jxm: There's hardly any reason to ask if you can ask when you've already asked, is there?
math: ...
math: What do we have to do to live?
jxm: Now you're asking questions I've already answered?
jxm: Make a game!
sahaun: And what is a game?
jxm: Huh? ...
jxm: You don't know what a game is?
sahaun: If my life is riding on this task, I need to know exactly how I can prevent death.
sahaun: Is Duke of Defence a game? Is Tetris a game? Is conversation a game?
jxm: ...
pope: Hah! Who would make a game about conversation?
pope: That's the lamest idea I've ever heard!
yellowaf: Even so, it is an issue that needs answering.
yellowaf: If that pug's idea of a game does not match our idea of a game,
yellowaf: we're risking a lot more than sleep without supper.
yosi: Mmh, I'm not sure we need to know what a game is to make one...
jxm: I have decided!
jxm: Figuring out what a game is will be part of your task!
yosi: ...
jxm: If you make a game that satisfies me,
jxm: You will be freed.
jxm: However, I will not judge lightly.
jxm: So, enough with this prologue, let the game begin!
tony.self: THIRD-WALL-BREAKING TIME
tony.self: Alright, so, now comes your first *nonstop debate*.
tony.self: Here, people speak consecutively, meaning text advances on its own without being clicked.
tony.self: Some of the contestants will have weakpoints in their arguments.
tony.self: These *are highlighted in orange*. You have to choose the right truth bullet to shoot at the right weakpoint.
tony.self: Oh, that's right, you'll get some number of truth bullets for each trial.
tony.self: These are statements or clues that can be used as counter arguments, shot with the left mouse button.
tony.self: If you shoot the wrong truth bullet at the wrong statement, you'll be deducted a healthpoint.
tony.self: Alright, you ready?
tony.self: No? Too bad
[NSD]
[BULLETS]
Games aren't real
Digital games
Educational games
Juju mentioned: 4
Game of thrones
[/BULLETS]
sahaun: Alright, so we know he wants a game.
sahaun: But *what is a game?*
pope: That's a stupid question.
pope: It's just *something you can play*!
math: But you can play all kinds of things
minty: Like a flute
sahaun: Or a *board game*
sahaun: If a board game is considered a game
sahaun: just as much as a first person shooter
yosi: or a 3d platformer
sahaun: ...then we could simply *remake three in a row*!
yellowaf: *I don't think that's the kind of game he wants us to make*
yellowaf: We've been given a git repository
yellowaf: you *can't put a board game on a machine*.
minty: Why not?
minty: There's *nothing stopping us* from making a digital version of *Choo Choo Train - Learning Math is Fun!*
math: Except certain death.
[/NSD]
tony: No, that's wrong!
tony: If you remember from earlier when Juju spoke,
tony: he said...
jxm.self: You will make a game,
jxm.self: like *three-in-a-row* or whatever...
tony: which means a game like three-in-a-row is exactly what he wants!
minty: Hey-
math: That's right! I heard it with my own ears!
minty: Hey guys-
sahaun: So we can indeed remake three in a row!
minty: HEY GUYS!
yellowaf: What, Minty?
minty: Did you know that only 1 in 10 people know binary?
yellowaf: Huh?
yellowaf: Was that all you were screaming for?
minty: The other half doesn't. :D
pope: God dammit, you just did exactly what he wanted...
yosi: No, I think he's trying to say something.
math: Say what? Another dumb binary joke?
yosi: I fear Minty's impaired speech skills forces him to communicate in codes
minty: Haha codes
yosi: I believe what he's really trying to say, is that he doesn't quite understand what's going on.
yosi: The binary joke has the deeper meaning of 1/10 being small at a glance, 
yosi: but big when seen from another angle.
yosi: Minty may be trying to say that he will be of little help, but that with some help, he can become a lot more.
pope: Or he just likes to annoy us with his stupid jokes.
minty: Nyeh?
sahaun: Why is this even the current focus of discussion?
sahaun: I thought we were gonna make a game.
math: We have to get Minty on board before we move on.
pope: Oh for god's sake. Juju, give him the rules again.
jxm: You have two choices.
jxm: Either you make a game, and I like it, or I kill you.
minty: I still don't get it.
minty: How would you kill me?
jxm: I'll drown you.
math: But he's a penguin, don't they survive under water?
yellowaf: That's a good point.
yellowaf: It would not contribute anything other than making his fur wet.
pope: Would it, though?
pope: Sure, he'd be wet if he was taken out of the water, but he wouldn't be wet while he's under the water.
pope: An object is only wet when there is water sticking to the surface of it.
math: But there will be a whole ocean sticking to the surface of his fur
math: How does that not count as wet?
[NSD]
[BULLETS]
Water is wet!: 7,9
Water isn't wet!: 8,10
It's both!: 7,8,9,10
[/BULLETS]
yosi: No, he's right. If you're *fully submerged* in water, 
yosi: there's *no telling you apart* from the water.
yellowaf: Of course there is. 
yellowaf: I can *poke you with a stick* under the water, 
yellowaf: and the stick would not pass through you, 
yellowaf: but it'd cut the water effortlessly.
math: Yeah, *Humans aren't liquid.*
math: *We don't just dissolve the moment we come in contact with water.*
sahaun: Maybe you don't.
pope: We may not be liquid, but *our bodies are 60% water*.
pope: 60% is way more than the amount of water that needs to stick to something to be considered wet.
pope: Which means sheer *contact alone is not enough to define wetness*.
yellowaf: Look, man. Water is wet. You can't deny it.
pope: Oh? I can't deny it huh?
yellowaf: Don't-
pope: *Water isn't wet.*
yellowaf: *Water is wet.*
yosi: *Water isn't wet.*
math: *Water is wet.*
[/NSD]
tony: No, that's wrong!
tony: Water is wet, and water is not wet.
tony: Whether water is wet or not depends entirely on the circumstances.
tony: In common speech, it may be logical to consider water wet, since wetness is a property based on water.
tony: Meanwhile, in a mathematical context, it may be more logical to consider water a wetting agent;
tony: only able to wet other substances by touch.
tony: However in a philosophical setting, it's both.
tony: You can discuss the wetness of water eternally, and never reach a solid conclusion.
tony: We were trying to help Minty understand our situation, earlier. 
tony: Let's get back to that.
minty: No, it's fine.
minty: What you said - about water being both wet and not - it helped me understand.
minty.self: Minty Python went on to explain how tony's reasoning related to making games.
minty.self: Though I can't show this part, because you wouldn't understand.
minty.self: Therefore I've cut it out, and just skipped to a later point in the conversation.
minty.self: You can thank me later ;)
sahaun: Excellent! I could never have constructed a verbal solution as smart as that!
math: You spoke in codes in order to bring Minty on board..
yosi: That's simply admirable! I have never wit-
pope: Oh come on.
pope: All he did was say some words to a penguin.
pope: What the hell's admirable about that?
pope: I can do that too, just watch me:
pope: Hey Minty shitface, why did you walk across the road?
minty: Umm
pope: Because you couldn't fly over it. Ahahaa!
yellowaf: That's brutal, man...
pope: Don't worry, I've got more
sahaun: There's no need.
sahaun: We should shift our energy to planning out the project details.
sahaun: Firstly, the general game direction.
sahaun: Have we settled on three in a row?
math: I guess that's what we were leaning towards earlier.
yosi: What? No. 
yosi: You're the only one who've been mentioning three in a row.
yosi: None of us have even talked about any games.
minty: Talk... Games...
yosi: Just because you want to make three in a row, doesn't mean we want that too.
minty: Talking... Game.
yellowaf: Minty is speaking in codes again.
tony: Yosi, translate.
yosi: Huh? Why should I know?
tony: You understood him last!
pope: I told you...
pope: He's just trying to annoy us.
minty: TALKING GAME
math: You want to make a game about talking?
pope: Hah! What kind of game would that be?
pope: Sounds like the shittiest game you could make
[NSD]
[BULLETS]
Celeste
This game: 2,3
Obra Dinn
Sekiro
[/BULLETS]
pope: Who the hell would make a game about talking?
pope: You play games *to escape reality*, not simulate it!
math: But there are plenty of good *games that simulate reality*.
math: The Universim, The Sims, ARMA...
pope: But none of them's got nothin' to do with talkin'
yellowaf: Yeah, come to think of it, there *aren't really any games about talking*...
yellowaf: I mean there are plenty of games that have characters talking,
yellowaf: but *none that use it as the main mechanic*.
[/NSD]
tony: No, that's wrong!
tony: What if this is all a game?
tony: I mean, think about it, we're working with a set of rules, and limited ways of interacting.
tony: We're all participating in a conversation.
tony: Isn't what we're doing just like a game?
math: You're right!
math: The best games teach you how to collaborate.
math: In a way, making games is the best game!
sahaun: Uhh, I don't think collaboration is the most prominent part of game development.
sahaun: I agree our discussion functions kinda like a game, 
sahaun: but that's only because you have to plan and strategize your every move.
yosi: You plan and strategize your every move? 
yosi: That's not a game.
yosi: That's work.
pope: Ehh, can't say there's much planning or strategizing in my line of work.
[NSD]
[BULLETS]
Meticulous planning
No progress
Wasting time
Kanban
Agile software development: 5
[/BULLETS]
math: It doesn't matter
math: what matters is that we *work together*
sahaun: But if we don't consider the *causality* of collaboration,
sahaun: The project might completely fall apart without a structure
yellowaf: That's right, a project can not stand on a foundation of *uncertain direction*
minty: Yeah won't that, like, be bad?
math: But discussions about style and standards can *last forever!*
math: We'll not *even have started making* a project before the deadline
pope: And that's bad for business.
pope: If you don't make this they'll kill us, you know?
pope: So get started and make my game for me!
sahaun: no, building a game *without every detail planned is impossible*
yellowaf: That's right, we'll never *finish* a game!
[/NSD]
tony: No, that's wrong!
tony: If we approach this completely blindly, it may end in disaster, yes, 
tony: but we don't need to make every decision at the start!
tony: Following the methodology of agile software development,
tony: we can split our project into smaller chunks of work.
tony: Each incrementally building on the previous, and laying the foundation for the next.
tony: If we regularly set short-term goals, we can also regularly plan out the next step needed to build our game.
tony: We'll be left with a spontaneous-order lifecycle, 
tony: that allows efficient resource management, evolutionary planning and continual improvement!
minty: ZZzzz...
yellowaf: This matches the work philosophies of several successful games I've worked on.
yellowaf: I believe agile development would be the right course of action.
sahaun: I suppose you're right.
pope: Whatever gets you plebs working.
minty: Plebs?! What do you mean, plebs?
pope: Common folk! Infidels! Commoners! Proletariat! Sheep!
pope: Call yourselves whatever you like, just see to making that damned game already
pope: You have wasted far too much of my time.
math: Wait a minute, are you saying you won't participate?
pope: Participate? Me? Ahahaha! I am the pope!
pope: God's messenger! conqueror of discord! Master of delusion!
pope: How dare ye even think I should be involved in such lowly work as game development.
tony: But if you don't participate, we might not succeed in creating this game.
math: We'll need every participant we can have!
tony: If even just one person slacks off, we won't make it in tim-
yellowaf: I won't participate either.
sahaun: What!?
tony: !!
math: !
minty: ?
yellowaf: A game needs more than just eager participants
yellowaf: It needs funding (and networking)
yellowaf: If you can't scrape together a reasonable pay to hire me, I'm afraid I won't be able to help
pope: Bwahaha, and what's a "reasonable pay" for a commoner such as yourself?
pope: $160 an hour? That's less than I spend on shaving cream!
minty: You shave?
pope: No
minty: So why do yo-
yellowaf: $250 actually
sahaun: $250!? Are you mad?
sahaun: How in the world are we to scrape together $250 x 16 x 7?
math: Do any of you even have money on you? I know I don't have any.
tony: We were all gassed and brought here by surprise, I don't think anyo-
minty: I have $38700 actually
tony: What? How?
math: Careful tony, we don't have the full story. 
math: Minty, do you have that money with you right now?
minty: No...
math: ...
[END]